hi this is presto occur when you are
listening to corn pop are you listening
to the central limit theorem the first
kernel pops after two minutes we will
graph the number of kernels that pop per
five-second interval after a few seconds
the topping rate becomes very fast we
can estimate the number of pops by
analyzing the number of spikes in the
sound wave because each time eternal
pops it causes a spike in the sound wave
making popcorn is a random process at
any given instant each kernel has a
chance that it might pop but whether a
particular kernel pops is unpredictable
however when we consider 300 kernels
popping the central limit theorem tells
us the distribution is very predictable
and it will be a bell-shaped curve when
all the popping is done the bar graph
resembles a normal
for more on the mathematics of popping
corn please check out the links in the
video description please subscribe to my
channel I make videos on math and game
theory you can support mind your
decisions on patreon to get exclusive
rewards you can also catch me on my blog
mind your decisions on Twitter at
pressure Locker or get my books at
Amazon